sup guys sander and I got a review over
the loose tournament speed spool mg got
this for Christmas here it is this mg
stands for magnetic cast control in this
series is a great one with external
adjustments for dialing into just the
right to make those long casts smooth
cast and precise control the deeper
spool holds more line at long cast
prowess in oversized 95 millimeter
handle puts the power into your hands so
you can see it's got an oversized handle
on it little boat out shape oversized
bigger grips looks more durable it's got
the deeper spool hold a lot more line on
it make those line casts it's got the
MCS braking system here you can see the
dial it's got the regular drag and
backlash so yep that's it this also
features one-piece die cast aluminum
frame sturdy graphite side covers easily
removable palming sight plate deep
machine forged and anodized aluminum
spools anodized aluminum power crank 95
millimeter reel handle you see there
it's got a high-strength solid bass
bearing as premium ten double shield
stainless ball bearings with zero
reverse anti reverse zero reverse is a
one-way clutch bearing extremely
adjustable magnetic braking system this
is the MCS right there is an external
handle side aluminum spool attention
adjustment knob which is the tension
right there that actually clicks -
that's kind of nice this is rugged
carbon composite metal star drag system
14 pound drag system see the star there
also clicks and has a zirconia line
guide so you see the line guide in that
it's a little more oval shaped and then
circle shape so that's my reel I'm
extremely a sight excited about this for
the spring so this is the Lewis
tournament speed spool mg it's $130 on
tackle warehouse
I'll be looking forward to using this
and this
Thanks